Self-awareness is the most attractive trait.
Some want to be safe.  Some want to be great.
Trust yourself. You have survived a lot & you will survive for whatever is coming next.
Your anger and negative emotion towards others fade away once you realize that no one but you can decide your fate.
It won't always go your way. 
Don't get trapped in this idea that just because you imagined a dream for yourself that you somehow deserve it. 

Your entitled mind means nothing. Harden up. Don't focus on what you think you deserve. Take aim on what you are willing to earn.
Be honest with yourself. At the bottom of insecurities, lies, fear & self doubt is the real you buried deep beneath. You can't fix the problems when you're pretending to be somebody else.
Today you will interact with annoying, dishonest, arrogant, people who don't have your best interest in mind.

Remember that they can't hurt you. Nobody has the power to stop what you've been blessed with.
To end your journey w/ @MENTALITY Reply STOP to cancel & end your free text  subscription.

Users who are not active will be purged within the next 36 hours to make space for people on the waiting list. So make sure to reply back to our text (within 24 hours) or a simple tap emoji (thumbs up, heart) to let us know you're active.
You're dropping every excuse in the book about your childhood, the people, the neighborhood, the problems & disfunction you grew up in.

Wake the fuck up because one is coming to save you. 

The universe wasn't created based on fairness or equality. It's about the randomness of how YOU adapt to the chaos of life.
Your soul is dyed the color of its thoughts.

What you're thinking of right now, today, tomorrow, next month and next year will mold your future.
Don't kill them with kindness, torch them with success 
-Goggins
I'm coming after everything they said I couldn't have.
Most people can't fathom how much strength it takes to pull yourself out of a dark place.

If you've done that recently, I'm so fucking proud of you.
If this text club has improved your life in any way please share this Instagram post to your stories. We're opening additional limited spots today.

Thank you!
Most people are not risk takers. 
Most people do the bare minimum. 
& Most people are okay with just getting by. 

They raise a family, earn a living, and then they die. 

But this ordinary life wasn't meant for you. For people who are chasing a vision - life has a special kind of meaning. A burning flame inside pushing them towards greatness.
The pain you feel is the pain of change & progress. 

Everything you're going through - the stress, the failure, the endless grinding is nothing in comparison to the real pain & living nightmare of regret knowing you could have been so much more, but you didn't even try.
Let's be honest, the reason you're reading this is deep down you know something needs to change. You've hit a wall, fell off, and looked in the mirror & don't like where you're headed & what you see.

No matter how many messages I send to motivate & inspire you without a purpose you won't make it through.
Everyone starts off great, but after a month of late nights, frustration & set backs people start to give up.

Take this time today to think hard about why you're really doing this & text us your purpose & what you're going to do about it. Be Specific
Learn to say F you to the world.
dreams so big, it’s starting to get hard to sleep at night ☁️ 💤
🗝 success is black & white. If you need a pat on the back & constant praise then success isn’t for you. Truly successful people are relentless in their pursuits. They are so committed that nothing else matters not even the praise or congratulations. Now it's time for you to decide where you stand.
If tomorrow doesn't come, would you still be doing what you're doing today? If your answer is no, you might be alive, but you're not living.
Why you not where you want to be in life? What's stopping you from being great? Tell the truth.
The comfort zone is where all dreams go to die.
Living in regret is hard. 
Chasing your dreams is hard.
Choose your hard.

Consequences of being 
obese & not healthy is hard. 
Staying fit & healthy is hard.
Choose your hard.

Missing out on 
parties/friends is hard.
Grinding towards your goals is hard.
Choose your hard.

Life will never be easy. 
It will always be hard.
Choose wisely.
Most people do a little work & think it's enough.

Winners work their ass off & still think they're slacking.

To the winners, they know, its never enough...
You can't avoid the fear of growth. As you climb the latter of success it becomes steeper & more treacherous. If you need a moment. Stop, catch your breath & acknowledge the fear then walk away. But never let it stop you from inching closer to your dreams.
Rain or shine. I'm on that grind.
Send us back your workout or tag us on IG in your stories.
She told me stay humble, but I want it all.
It's not enough you're the best in town,
Be the best in the state.

It's not enough you lost 50 pounds,
Do something with it.

It's not enough you ran 5 miles,
Run 10 miles

Keep that underdog mentality with you forever. #neversatisified
Don't let fear control you.
Don't let where you are now & where you want to be 
stop you from taking that first step.
You are under no obligation to remain the same person you were a year ago, a month ago, or even a day ago. You are here to create yourself, continuously. - richard feynman
Become a ghost.
Fuck attention.
Just hustle.
If you want to complain, be negative, feel sorry for yourself, & cry that life isn’t fair please text back STOP to end all Mentality Messages. 

If you want to stay drop a 🔥 to let us know you’re committed to changing your life through hard work, dedication & no excuses.
I have a sad story too. 
No one cares. Work harder.
Here's to the crazy ones.
The misfits, the rebels, the troublemakers. The ones who see things differently.

They shine brighter than the flames around them. They create, inspire & push things forward. 

Maybe they have to be crazy.

Because the ones who are crazy enough to think that they can change the world, are usually the ones who do.
Low key love it when they talk shit.
Wake up with the confidence knowing the world is yours for the taking. Watch things fall into place once you've mastered your mind.
I'm willing to grind, endure & suffer to wake that beast within me, to grow, accomplish & win.
When you look in the mirror, you see who you are NOW, but not who you could be in the future. A lot can change in a year. It's time to get started.
Most people spend their entire lives following in the foot steps of others. When the real secret is to carve your own path.
Make more moves & less announcements.
The only person that can change your life is YOU. Stop looking around for excuses & people to blame. YOU MUST TAKE OWNERSHIP OF YOUR OWN LIFE.
Fear is self imposed.
If you can create it,
You can destroy it.
No one said this would be easy, but it's worth it. Keep going.
If you're reading this remember what a precious privilege it is to be alive - to breathe, to think, to enjoy, to love.
365 DAYS x 78 YEARS = 28470 DAYS
1 year x average life expectancy = days on earth

Don't waste a second of your life on people/things 
that won't make a difference in the end.
The clock is ticking... lets see what you got.
Do the math of your own life.

365 x #(your age) = days alive 
Then subtract that from the previous total day average.

If this doesn't change your perception & motivate the importance of time the type STOP to unsubscribe.
Don't hurt yourself by living up to someone else's expectations.
Doctors won't make you healthy.

Friends won't make you happy

Teachers won't make you smart.

Coaches won't make you great.

Mentors won't make you rich.

Trainers won't make you fit.

Ultimately, you have to take responsibility. 

Save yourself.
Stop trying to force a situation to happen. Take that anamosity & invest it into your skill set. You'll be better prepared for the next opportunity, but only if you pratice now.
Being comfortable is the quickest way to stop growing.

We're breaking out of our personal comfort zone & recording a podcast that'll be launched tomorrow night at 8pm. Text back some questions and we'll answer them on the podcast!
It's easy to embrace hopelessness when things seem insurmountable & the feeling of impending doom casts over you. But really it's just a matter of time before things to fall into place & the clouds slowly part ways to reveal a sunny day.
Believe in something even if it means sacrificing everything.
Positivity & kindness are infectious. 

Do 5 nice things for a random stranger or family/friend today. (Open a door, pay for coffee, compliment them, etc)
If you want to make the wrong decisions, ask everyone.
The day you don't want to is the day you need to.
It's ok not to be ok.
It's just not ok to STAY that way.
Lessons in life will be repeated until they are learned.
One action can change a day, one day can change a life, one life can change the world.
Would your future self be okay with how you're living now?
The reason why you're slowing down is because of the extra baggage. Remove all the negative people from your life & watch your dreams take off.
Today will be a great day.
No matter how far you travel, you can never get away from yourself.
Quit looking for validation. Succeed so big that it's undeniable. Everything you need is already inside you.
Not everyone can live up to your expectations. Lower your  anger towards others & show them grace instead. Controlling your emotions is key.
It's a beautiful day to prove them wrong.
close your eyes tonight and visualize where you want to be in the next year. Focus on the feeling that you're in control. Feel the energy, and internalize it. Every day you awake is 1 day closer to your ultimate dreams. Tomorrow you are going to work harder than you have before. It's now or never. Don't pass up this moment to be great.
Save your tears for the day you make it.
Delete your excuses &
download a better life.
The probability that you're going to stumble on success is zero. Write down something & plan the necessary steps to get there. Plan tonight, execute starting tomorrow.
The journey begins. 
The rules are simple. 

No negativity. No whining. No bullshit.
This is going to be uncomfortable, but w/ pain & discomfort comes growth. 

The fact that you are here means you already know that

We are in this together

Be vulnerable. Admit your failures

Be proud. Share your accomplishments
Post photos
We're here for you

& most importantly: 
TAKE. BACK. CONTROL.
Be someone nobody thought you could be.
You don't need to get involved with everything.

Stop having an opinion on everything.
Stop arguing w/ nobodies.
Stop wasting time.

If you want to make an impact in the world BE SOMEBODY. Be the richest, be the smartest, be the greatest then your impact will change lives by the MILLIONS, not single digits.
trust yourself
Ambition is my drug & success is the only cure.
Don't dream about it too much. You still have to put in the work.
No one's coming to save you. 

This life is 100% your responsibility. 

Stop waiting for the light at the end of the tunnel.

Light that shit up yourself.
4 months ago my life changed forever. Within 24 hours of showing signs of COVID I was admitted into ICU & was put on a ventilator. Out of no where my life was derailed. I asked myself a million times "why me?" Why am I here in critical condition when I've done nothing wrong. No matter who I blamed or what I thought NOTHING could change my circumstance.
At times I wanted to give up & die because it was easier than fighting to live. Life is painful & it is hard & but it's worth it.

You're only reading this message today because I survived, clenched my fist & defied my circumstance. All of Text club & mentality would not existed if it had gone the other way.
In the worst moments of your life you can't look back. You have to claw your way out of that grave, endure all of the pain & fight to live. No one is coming to save you & the sooner you realize this the better off you'll be.
Stop waking up like it's an accident. Spend every waking moment getting after it.
There's no room for negativity here. Theres only room for WINNERS in the Mentality Text Club.

If you want to unsubscribe from Mentality text reply STOP to end your journey.
Overthinking is your worst enemy.
Too many of you can't move in silence because you're wanting applauses from people you shouldn't even give a fuck about.
Turning my visions into reality keep me up at night.
Sometimes "later" becomes never. GET TO WORK.
There are no second chances. There is this moment & then the next. If you see an opening take the shot.
Know the difference between enjoying your youth & destroying your future.
People these days wanna hide from the truth, drown in their own problems, and play the victim card.

Do not get addicted to escaping.  
Real men and women face their shit, handle business, and win.
Be thankful for all the bad things in your life. 
It changed you for the better. Nothing can hurt you now.
What if everything you're going through is preparing you for what you've asked for?
Easy to spot a yellow car when you're always thinking of a yellow car.

Easy to spot opportunity when you're always thinking of opportunity.

Easy to be positive when you're always thinking of the bright side.

You become what you constantly think about.

Our bracelet was created for this purpose. Wear it on your wrist to stay motivated.
Check out our Black Friday sale today @ 3PM PST.
it's natural to diverge off course, but if you're stopping every minute you'll never arrive.
Your greatest memories in life will be right after your biggest falls. 

You're no one. Nothing. Just you, bottom of the barrel. No place to go, but up. 

That's the voice that carries your weak ass. When everyone counted you out, it tells you to get back up and keep going.
Being an underdog, it made me a monster. A deep fire burning inside of me to shove all criticism, doubt, and negativity down every single throat.

"The wolf on top of the hill is not as hungry as the wolf climbing the hill."
Stop thinking 
Stop waiting
Stop analyzing 
Stop fearing
& just go for it.
Everything you want is on the other side of your obstacles.
Think your life is hard? Go to your local hospital, the cancer wing & look at a 5 yr old who will never see their teenage years, probably not even live to see their next birthday. 

I want you to look into their eyes & tell them how TOUGH you have it.

It's time live your life w/ purpose for all of those who never made it.
"If you think you're too small to make a difference, try sleeping in a closed room with a mosquito."
To unlock the next level 
it will require a complete transformation of your MENTALITY. 

You want to prove them wrong?
Change your Mentality

You want to face & confront 
your worst fears?
Change your Mentality

Shift your Mentality TODAY or end up in the same place this time next year.
To live without the worry of tomorrow, you must be happy with the actions of today.
"If you look good, you feel good, and if you feel good, you play good."
Life is a wave of emotions constantly flowing. Just because you're on top one minute doesn't mean life is great & just because you're down the next doesn't mean life is terrible.
Wake the f up. It's #GRINDSZN. No Days Off.
See how fast this year has passed? 
Stop fucking with your life.  
Stop playing with your future.
You will be constantly tested throughout life...

On the field
Off the field
Personal & Professional. 

Your patience will be tested. Your honor will be question. 

But never give in. If you know your truth then no one can question you.
Don't let your thoughts run you in circles. Tomorrow is a new beginning. Tomorrow will be a good day.
Take a deep breath.
Feel the air in your lungs 
& now exhale.

You were blessed with 
another day to chase 
your wildest dreams.

Do not squander 1 second of it.
NO GUTS, NO GLORY, 
NO LEGEND, NO STORY.
I'd rather grind & have money w/ no social life than be broke & still hanging out w/ the same losers that are doing the same thing last year.
Don't wish for it to be easier. Wish for you to be better.
Amateurs sit & wait for inspiration while the Champions get up & do.
Get up now & be a Champion. 

Spend time today to do all thing things you've been putting off. Clean your room, take out the trash, reorganize your house. You must remove the physical clutter around you to have a organized mind.
Why are you so chill if you're not where you want to be?
How long are you going to wait before you demand the best for yourself?
Reminder: All the pain you feel now will become fuel when you torch them with your success.
No matter what happens, no matter how far you seem to be away from where you want to be, never stop believing that you will somehow make it. Have an unrelenting belief that things will work out, that the long road has a purpose.
If you dont give your life 110% You will haunted by regret for the rest of your days. Time is the most valuable asset known to man. Dont waste another second of your life on bullshit.

MAKE EVERY SECOND COUNT.
but enjoy the fun and the journey
Repeat clench your fist & visualize everything you want then repeat these words out loud.

"They can't stop what's meant for me. They can't stop what's meant for me."

Everything you're wishing & grinding for will collide with reality. Be prepared, your time will come.
The spot light of your success will bring out the ugliness in people. It will remind them of their missed opportunities, lack of dedication, & fact that they're not where they want to be in life. Their misplaced anger & hate is cancerous. Keep your distance.
When all is said & done, they will know my name.
Today I woke up feeling sorry for myself.

The pain from past keeps knocking at my door. No matter how far I've come or how long time has passed these insecurities find their way in when I am weakest.

You've been strong until now, but you must face your fears once again & slay the nightmare to pieces.
White, black, brown, yellow, gay, straight, immigrant, skinny, fat, rich, poor or whatever label people define you as, youre more than that.

It doesnt matter what they say, how they look at you, or how they mistreat you. Succeed so big they can't deny your existence.  

Dont waste time crying, life was never fair to begin with. Wake up every day to prove them wrong. TORCH the haters w/ successs.
To learn from failure you must strip away everything but the TRUTH. You have to be honest w/ yourself & stop pretending you're better than you actually are. If you can't be honest with yourself, you will never improve.
"comparison is the thief of joy."
Sometimes you can try so hard at something, spend countless hours preparing and still fail.

But I refuse to be deined. I'm going ALL OUT. I don't care about how many times I fail or how many no's I get or how the oods are stacked against me. This is my life, this is my destiny to be great.
your life matters. give a damn.
I know you're tired, but you have to keep attacking every day. Remind yourself of why you're doing all of this. Your parents, siblings, & others are counting on you. You gotta get up for them.
Don't snooze your life away.

If you're recovering today or taking a breather that's fine, but you can't waste any more precious time watching Netflix, mindless scrolling on tiktok or over sleeping.

Get up, get moving, get after it.
My legend hasn't been written into the pages of history yet. If you judge me now from the hole that I'm in, this hell, you are mistaken.

I will not give up.
I will not give in.
I will not lose.
its not about the # reps you do, its about making every rep count.
Second by second you lose the opportunity to become the person you aspire to be.

Claim ownership of your life.
Take action today.
Sacrifice this Friday night & start plotting your goals to dominate. No exceptions.
Quit complaining. If practicing on the weekend or putting 50+ hours a week is too much to be great then quit now. You can watch me from the comfort of your home when I'm on tv balling the f out.
Stop waiting to hit rock bottom to work harder.
You survived the haters, heatbreak, the pain of pushing yourself past the point of exhaustion. YOU HAVE SURVIVED every battle in your life so far. Stop acting like you never been through anything. This new challenge isnt any different. Don't Give Up.
You're doing this for YOU, not for anyone else. Stop wondering "what would they think."  
It's slowing you down.
Dream big, that's important. But somewhere down the line in your journey, that same dream which was once so clear in your mind, so real you can touch it, becomes a living nightmare.

You will be challenged in the most extreme way. Even questioning who you are & your purpose on earth. You must stay vigilant, stay focused, & most of all stay on guard. The WAR has just begun.
Doesn't matter what you accomplished yesterday. You're only as good as your last at bat.
I need to clarify something. I'm not your coach, I'm not your friend. I'm here to give you the raw truth. So stop complaining or trying to find alternative answers in our text.

It does not matter how perfect your stats are or how "good" you think you are. When the game is on the line & you can't perform you ain't shit.
Success demands sacrifice.

sacrifice 
your time, 
your mind,
& body 

All in exchange for a small sliver of opportunity. Are you sacrifice for greatness?
When the sun rises all your fears, insecurities, & anxiety will reappear. They'll never really go away, you just eventually become stronger.
Behind every successful person is a lot of unsuccessful years, sleepless nights, tragedy & regret.

You didn't go through all of this for nothing. You must endure.
What is the common denominator of failure? 

"it's my circumstance"
"It's the President"
"It's my parents"

If you wake up every morning blaming someone else, you'll never change. Look in the mirror & own up to your failure because YOU are the common denominator to all your problems & issues. YOU have to take responsibility & change your life.
For as long as I could remember I've had something inside me that refuses to settle for average. I am destined for greatness.
What if all your troubles actually lead to a greater blessing & purpose?
The mind is a double edge sword. It can give great strength for difficult situations or it can seek the easy way out & give up when things get tough.

Once quitting becomes an option the  mind will slowly construct endless excuses & reasons why you should  give up.
Never compromise w/ your mind. YOU are the master. There should be no conversation or compromise. You must control your mind. Tell it when to get up, to go harder, to push further & bend it to your will. Control your mind or it will control you.
Each time you quit you'll become worse off, this becomes a vicious cycle of losing. If you're lucky you're back to where you started. But each time you quit you'll become hopeless, negative, & accustomed to blaming your circumstance that you'll eventually stop trying altogether.
There are no refunds on misspent time.
Small actionable steps will add up to miles over the competition.  

Keep your head down & your eyes forward. Focus on the task at hand.

You will to stumble if you're too focused on their progress. The mountain of success is treacherous, one major slip could be the end.
Your life is a movie. Direct your thoughts. 
Direct your actions. Direct your dreams.
Make it the best damn success story the world has ever seen.
We are all self-made, but it's only the successful that claim it.
Knowledge without action is useless. Just because you can identify your short comings doesnt meant youre better than the loser who ignores them. You must become a pratictioner, not some internet fool who "knows" everything, but hasnt accomplished a single thing.
take a deep breath & remember who the fuck you are.
"You can't go back and change the beginning, but you can start where you are & change the ending."
better days are coming.
keep going
We came from nothing.
You'll never understand 
what it took to get here.
The greatest gift isn't a wrapped present underneath the Christmas tree.

It's the one life you have been blessed with since birth. Each day you wake is a gift to pursue your wildest dreams.

Make a conscious choice to demand the best of yourself or squander your one precious life. The choice is yours.
Success is fueled by the rock bottoms, disappointments, tragedies, failures, & heartbreaks all rolled up into one.

Reflect on 2020, be grateful for what you have & just know that better days are coming.
The universe doesn't give a fuck that it's Christmas, New Years or the Holidays.

Time is running out & If you keep sitting around wondering wtf you're going to do, you'll never commit.

The people around you might take a vacation, but you can't afford this luxury. Get back on the grind. There's no days off.
I'm not the smartest.
I'm not the strongest.
But I know I am willing to sacrifice more of myself than my peers.
I find comfort being so obsessed w/ goals that I'm willing to skip parties, meet ups & holidays to inch closer to my dreams.
Stop getting distracted by people & things that mean NOTHING to your goals.
Excuses have an expiration date.

How long can you blame your parents? Your coaches? Your relationships? Your circumstance?

Leave all the bullshit behind once and for all in 2020.
You either want it or you don't.
I don't need anyone to remind me how difficult, unlikely, or even dangerous my goals are. 

I know what's at stake here, its my life. I'm still gonna go for it because the alternative is too painful.
This isn't your practice life. 
This is your only life.
Mistakes happen, do not become paralyzed by it. Once you become acustomed to dealing with uncertainty and move past mistakes, infinite possibilities occur.
Life isnt fair. Sometimes horrible things happen to good people. It's okay to feel the darkness and feel sad for a minute, but you can't let it consume you.
With all the "New Year, New Me" bullshit coming soon...

Please remember 2021 will be the same as 2020 if you don't work your asses off and put in the work. 

Don't look back this time next year and be in the same place.
New year, same grind.
Make success your only option.
Owning up to your mistakes isn't a weakness.
🛑 ✋ stop replaying frustrating memories of what could have been. Focus on actions that can be taken today to never feel that  way again.
There is no path to follow. 
Pave your own paradise.
Today's the day you're going to remember forever. It's the moment in the movie where everything is about to change for the main character. That even despite all the ups & downs you hung in there & turned it all around. Let's see what you got!
The shortcut is to stop taking shortcuts.
"If you have everything under control, you're not moving fast enough."
There's beauty in the struggle.
There's glory beneath the pain.

One day all of these early morning / late nights will all make sense.
If you genuinely want something, don't wait for it, be impatient. Your dreams can't wait much longer.
We have all become so fixated on proving things to others even at a loss to ourselves.

Don't lose yourself in the process, find your focus. You are the only one that matters.
We often tell ourselves the biggest lies. Take the time tomorrow to reflect. Be brutally honest w/ yourself.

Maybe it's not actually their fault. Maybe you are the real person to blame...
"You've changed."

Your life is the exact same.
My condolences.
Not long ago we were once uncivilized creatures fighting for survival. Tap into your primal instincts that were programmed into every cell of your being. Remove all the modern BS & drama & taking fucking action! Convince your mind that you will DIE trying & it will adjust. You'll instantly feel untapped potential & limitless energy coursing through your veins. YOU ARE THE ANOMALY.
Study yourself. Understand your emotions. Question what triggers you & evaluate your actions. Any crack in your armor will be their advantage. Stay sharp. The war has just begun.
Self-care
Self-worth 
Self-control
Self-esteem
Self-respect
Self-confidence

Self-first
Not everything is worth your attention. Stay focused.
We often take life for granted until we are face w/ death.

Don't wait until you're in a hospital bed wondering what could have been.

Take that chance.
Defy the odds.
& Chase your dreams.
Don't wish for it. Work for it.
Be addicted to your goals, not your distractions.
Never make permanent decisions based on temporary feelings. Sleep on it.
"Today" is your greatest gift. 
You are alive. 

Consider your luck knowing that many people went to sleep & never woke up.

Squander your life or make something of it, but act now because time is against you.
Stop complicating things. 
You're overthinking. 
You got this.
Stop comparing yourself. Everyone is on a different journey.
Don't let someone who gave up 
on their dreams tell you it's not possible. 
This is your story, not their nightmare.
No matter who becomes president, 
your problems will still be your own.
Some were born with it, 
Some were blessed with it. 
I'm gonna grind for it.
Low key love it when they talk shit. They'll never understand what it takes. What true sacrifice & dedication entail. So remind the haters to sit the f back in the stands where they belong because... we are not the same.
There's nothing more dangerous than an individual who has overcome tragedy & heart break w/ the help of no one.

If you can rise up from the dirt they left you in, there is no mf on earth who can stop you. 

Built for this shit.
Sometimes we're waiting for the universe to change our circumstances, but the truth is, the universe is waiting for you to commit & put your destiny in motion. #betterdaysarecoming
Part of me wants to stunt on everyone whose ever doubted me. Another part of me feels I have nothing to prove. Either way, I'm winning.
"It may last a minute, or an hour, or a day, or a year, but eventually it will subside and something else will take its place. If I quit, however, it lasts forever."
Remember, this is a marathon. It might look like you're behind, but all you have to do is pick up the pace. It aint over yet.
FACE YOUR FEARS OR DIE WITH THEM
Forgive yourself for all your past mistakes & failures. It's time to move on.
"You asked for my hustle, I gave you my heart." - Kobe Bryant 💜💛
"Pain is temporary. It may last for a minute, or an hour or a day, or even a year. But eventually, it will subside. And something else take its place. If you quit, however, it will last forever."
Be intentional with every step you take. You are on a path to greatness, start acting like it.
"Watch your thoughts, they become your words; watch your words, they become your actions; watch your actions, they become your habits; watch your habits, they become your character; watch your character, it becomes your destiny"
Motivational won't come looking for you....

You have to find it.
You have to create it.
Is it worth sacrificing everything
to make your dreams come true?

Be honest with yourself & 
ask the tough questions.
Are you really about that life?
If you ain't sure, then
this life ain't for you.
Violence is necessary.
You must obliterate your fears, anxiety, 
depression & whatever else is holding you back.

Punch life in the mouth & let the universe 
know you're not someone to fuck with.
Too many people want to back seat navigate your life & give you their 2 cents. But they've never climbed this high, they can't possibly understand or feel the heat radiating from the hell you just came from. You know what's at stake & know consequences for failure. Dig deep in this moment because YOU are all you got.
Being focused means saying no to many things. Not every opportunity is worth your attention. Stay focused.
When I was dying in a hospital room I had to find something meaningful to hold on to stay positive.

It wasn't money, fame or even love that could save me. But it was the idea that maybe my one life could be a small ripple that impacts millions of people.

The next few days will end of txt club forever. You all meant so much to me & I wanted you to know that your life matters. Thank you @Mentality
Your direction in life is more important than speed.
There are many people going nowhere fast.
NO GUTS, NO GLORY, NO LEGEND, NO STORY 

DROP IS LIVE! 

USE CODE "glory" TO UNLOCK WEBSITE
Every second that passes, you lose the opportunity to transform into the hero of your story. If you keep wasting precious time, I promise that you will be haunted w/ regret. Quit playing games & stop fking w/ your future.

[to join our paid($) ELITE community reply back #jointxtclub]
It's only a dream until you make it happen.

The April Essential Collection is live! 
Thank you to everyone for making our dreams come true.
My mother worked too hard for me not to be great.

-
use code "MOM" for 30% off for Mother's Day!
REMINDER: Success is never an accident.

Remind yourself every single day w/ a special phrase Mentality bracelet. 50% Off sale is LIVE now.
Change is uncomfortable. As you procrastinate your mind grows weaker. It's being trained to not take action. Over time the pressure, guilt, & inability to act become routine. Day after week after months after years; you're in the exact same place going nowhere. #joinszn4 or get left behind. A new day begins.
You can't heal if you keep pretending you're not hurt.
Your lack of focus is killing your success.

@mentality
You can read motivation quotes all day to be inspired, but your life won't change if you don't take action.

Stop waiting for the light at the end of the tunnel, & light that shit up yourself.

@mentality
God grant me the serenity to accept the things I cannot change, the courage to change the things I can, and the wisdom to know the difference.
Sometimes you just have to go through shit to understand. The pressure, anxiety, & uncertainty is pushing you out of the comfort zone. Embrace it. @mentality
There's nothing wrong, but there's something wrong.

Your mind is playing tricks again.
This has nothing to do with your surface "problems," & everything to do with what's boiling beneath. 

Dig deeper within yourself until you hit something shakes you to your core.